Here is a sample - use this format:

<<<<<<< HEAD
1. Neil Gerchenfeld - On fab labs
http://www.ted.com/index.php/talks/neil_gershenfeld_on_fab_labs.html

Programming atoms at the media lab in Massachusetts. Shannon taught us that communication over a long distance has disruption.Then Jon Von Neumann tool us to the pentium chip. He is talking about digital revolution. Communications and computation. Nature is much more power full computer then computers. Self replicating templating. Not only feeding people information but giving them the tools to measure and make technology. This was made it 2006 and seems so advanced. He kinda makes me feel like I am in the past. Digital Fabrication is really interesting and useful for the future. 

2. Auke Ijspeert - Machine intelligence makes human morals more important
http://www.ted.com/talks/auke_ijspeert_a_robot_that_runs_and_swims_like_a_salamander

Bio-robots. Studying animal locomotion sounds really fun. The spinal cord controls so much of the Musculoskeletal system. Circuits in the spine exist? The inspiration is to find animals that go through terrain better than we do and to validate their spinal structure with robots. What is interesting is seeing the evolution of the spinal system over time. It swims so well and then switches to a different gate so well. If Salamanders are so complex the human body and mind is so complicated. Good mechanics can help locomotion. The cat robot does so much. His perspective of robotics is a really great approach to studying robotics and also living vertebrate based animals. Robots are really here today.


3. Andy Yen - Think your email is private think again
http://www.ted.com/talks/andy_yen_think_your_email_s_private_think_again

CERN made the internet, that is interesting. I feel like I forgot that. I wonder what he studied. Our data out lives us. How does this effect culture for the young people. Privacy is going to mean something else in the future. Email is a relatively new technology. Email is like a post card. Web technologies are an important topic to have knowledge about. I wish I could be at the CERN cafeteria. I didn't even think a place like that existed. Proton Mail seems like an interesting thing to do.  Wow him and his team really drove this independent project. Moving into the future requires many different skills. I think many people do not see what is happening to the world and technology. He talks differently about freedom with reference to online privacy. 


4. Mikko Hypponen - How the nsa betrayed the wolrds trust time to act
https://www.ted.com/talks/mikko_hypponen_how_the_nsa_betrayed_the_world_s_trust_time_to_act

Utah has a data storage center like that. Those are tax dollars being used to power the hard drives that hold our data. George Orwell had predicted of a light future. That is true some surveillance is a good thing for some cases. I had no idea that we were in this kind of surveillance. This is interesting but I think knowing it is useful but getting the tools to protect yourself is a much better tool for informing students. 


5. Shimon Schocken - The self organizing computer course
https://www.ted.com/talks/shimon_schocken_the_self_organizing_computer_course

Relentless pursuit of arts and culture. This man was a self learner. He had an early awe in the basics. Building a computer from the ground up is a very good skill for the computer science student. Wow building a machine like this does not make just regular students. It really makes amazing students. The hard thing about this is that our job market is not set up to take in these types of students. 


6. Misha Glenny - Hire the hackers
https://www.ted.com/talks/misha_glenny_hire_the_hackers/up-next

I wonder if hackers would actually work for cyber security companies. I think they might not say anything about being hackers. They might be the most skilled employees. Hackers do their actions for political reasons. How is it that hackers can get into everything. It may be because they are everywhere. Maybe that is where artificial intelligence is going to be used to block out humans from making shifty decisions. Hackers are doing really important work for the internet. This man really studied these hackers. These are really smart people even if they are considered criminals. Imagining loss of social skill is hard to think about.  


7. Kevin Slavin - How algorithms shape our world
https://www.ted.com/talks/kevin_slavin_how_algorithms_shape_our_world

Trading shares with algorithms is a real thing in the modern day. I know what it is like to loose the sense for what is really happening because of how dense the code is. Pragmatic chaos is what will decide what I will watch tonight. Fiber optics that need to be mapped across the rocky terrain are for the algorithms. They need to be in certain places in order to be fast. Prophesy in the visual patterns of nature is what he is trying to get us to see. His talk makes me think differently about nature and mathematics. Now I know why computer science has the math requirements. 


8. Mikko Hypponen - Fighting viruses, defending the net
https://www.ted.com/talks/mikko_hypponen_fighting_viruses_defending_the_net/up-next#t-4302

I really love the internet as well. I am sure that I would be just fine without it but really it is going to be fun. It was really funny to see the first virus for PC. To think that the virus for computers is now 25 years. So it seems that these two were effected by viruses so they decided to make viruses. Today this is a real problem. Wow this guy is really in the depths of malware. He knows it so well that he can run them on his machine. Key loggers are dangerous. As students we are really vulnerable. That is true that the hackers can afford to hire so many people. There is no ability to police these types of criminals. Wow they way he reads information is so smart. 


9. Rajesh Rao - A Rosetta Stone for the lost language
https://www.ted.com/talks/rajesh_rao_computing_a_rosetta_stone_for_the_indus_script/up-next

Indus script is the last major language that is not undeciphered. Language is really important to computer science. Using the computer and the model he was able to decipher some of the language properties. The computer was about 75% positive at coming up with the phrase that needed to be completed. Language is not too rigid and does not have to many levels of entropy. There are some unusual patterns with the indus scripts. 

10. Benoit Mandelbrot - Fractals and the art of roughness
https://www.ted.com/talks/benoit_mandelbrot_fractals_the_art_of_roughness/up-next

He is really old is what he says but his brain and mind still seem to be there. He sees patterns in roughness. Each part is like the whole but smaller. He talks about couliflour. He found that he could measure roughness which makes sense. 
=======
1. Scott Mccloud - The visual magic of comics
https://www.ted.com/talks/scott_mccloud_on_comics/up-next

Scott Mccloud is a really great speaker and inspiring artist and author. He shows us the importance of visual communications. Which is even more important than ever. I do like his perspective on learning and understanding. I feel like I grew up with similar interests and influences. He is able to communicate so much through abstraction and symbolism. The entire boundary of visual iconography. I think what he is talking about applies to software and computer networking because he has a tool for explaining concepts and lessons. Sometimes he is just giving instructions. 


2. Danielle Feinberg - The magic ingredient that brings Pixar movies to life
https://www.ted.com/talks/danielle_feinberg_the_magic_ingredient_that_brings_pixar_movies_to_life/up-next

I really had not thought that computer science majors go into the entertainment industry. After all the scripts and sub routines there is still more that will be needed. I remember that maya uses python for automation. It also uses mel scripts. She has come such a long way through animation which is really really inspiring. She is focused on lighting. Animation is actually really amazing and this one is very inspiring. She makes art a science and that is a good thing sometimes. 


3. Fei Fei Li - How we're teaching computers to understand pictures
https://www.ted.com/talks/fei_fei_li_how_we_re_teaching_computers_to_understand_pictures/up-next

Fei Fei Li brings up a good point about our society today.  We create the most video and visual images of any other time. Yet we are still so far from solving some basic human problems. Sometimes I am in such a tunnel that I forget that computers cannot really see. They are lacking in a very fundamental skill. The technology that we have today can really help with her en-devour. Now we are teaching robots. I never really thought we would be doing that. I feel like the future is now.


4. Dennis Hong - My seven species of robot - and how we craeted them
https://www.ted.com/talks/dennis_hong_my_seven_species_of_robot/up-next

I love robots at this point. This guy is also inspired my nature and sci fi. His interest in local motion is very import to making robots. These robots are really good for 2009. I am curios what we have today. What city will robot be released for regular consumption. How do independents make businesses with robots? Computer science is a really important skill and perspective of the world. 


5. Jinha Lee - Reach into the computer and grab a pixel
https://www.ted.com/talks/jinha_lee_a_tool_that_lets_you_touch_pixels/up-next



6. Shyam Sankar - The rise of human-computer cooperation
https://www.ted.com/talks/shyam_sankar_the_rise_of_human_computer_cooperation/up-next




7. Daphne Koller - What we're learning from online education
https://www.ted.com/talks/daphne_koller_what_we_re_learning_from_online_education/up-next




8. Pattie Maes - Meet the SixthSense interation
https://www.ted.com/talks/pattie_maes_demos_the_sixth_sense/up-next




9. Richard Baraniuk - The birth of the open-source learning revolution
https://www.ted.com/talks/richard_baraniuk_on_open_source_learning/up-next



10. Pw Singer - Military robots and the future of war
https://www.ted.com/talks/pw_singer_on_robots_of_war/up-next

>>>>>>> 539fed2a1ee77913e3727a15a095f61ce72fbff3
